README.rst, before:

tld-data
==========
This is an automatically updated version of tld-data.zeek meant to be used
with domain-tld_, in support of the anomalous-dns domain query module. It
is synced with changes to Mozilla's Public Suffix List. 

**NOTE:** As of 2022/01/25, support has been added for 5th level TLDs.
In making this transition, it was noted that adding a 5th level to tld-data.zeek
would break domain-tld_ if it was not updated at the same time.
This has been corrected in the latest version of domain-tld_.
If you are using the most recent domain-tld_, use tld-data-1.2.2.zeek. 
Continue to use the old tld-data.zeek until you have upgraded domain-tld_.

.. _domain-tld: https://github.com/sethhall/domain-tld

Downloading
-----------
Download directly with the applicable command for your OS.

``wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jbaggs/tld-data/master/tld-data.zeek``

``curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jbaggs/tld-data/master/tld-data.zeek -o tld-data.zeek``

``fetch https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jbaggs/tld-data/master/tld-data.zeek``

Commit message:

Add clarification on future updates.

README.rst, after:

tld-data
==========
This is an automatically updated version of tld-data.zeek meant to be used
with domain-tld_, in support of the anomalous-dns domain query module. It
is synced with changes to Mozilla's Public Suffix List. 

**NOTE:** As of 2022/01/25, support has been added for 5th level TLDs.
In making this transition, it was noted that adding a 5th level to tld-data.zeek
would break domain-tld_ if it was not updated at the same time.
This has been corrected in the latest version of domain-tld_,
and will not be an issue in future versions._
If you are using the most recent domain-tld_, use tld-data-1.2.2.zeek. 
Continue to use the old tld-data.zeek until you have upgraded domain-tld_.

.. _domain-tld: https://github.com/sethhall/domain-tld

Downloading
-----------
Download directly with the applicable command for your OS.

``wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jbaggs/tld-data/master/tld-data.zeek``

``curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jbaggs/tld-data/master/tld-data.zeek -o tld-data.zeek``

``fetch https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jbaggs/tld-data/master/tld-data.zeek``
